


05/23/2016,Mortgage,Conventional fixed mortgage,"Loan servicing, payments, escrow account",,"We refinanced our XXXX mortgage in XXXX. The remainder of our 20 % loan went to XXXX bank, then was sold to First Merit sometime in XXXX. We recieved monthly statements showing our payment amount, including an amount going to principal and interest. We continued on time payments until XXXX XXXX, at which time we sold our house. At that time, there was an issue at closing, when First Merit said we had an outstanding interest balance due of over {$7700.00}. Some time between XXXX and today, they stare applying only a small portion of our monthly payment to interest and the rest to principal, and then we 're tallying up the remaining interest as something we owed behind the scenes. This was never disclosed to us on any bills, and since we knew that some amount was going to interest every month and that we were paying the mortgage down faster than expected, we did n't question whether the amount the bill showed as our interest due was accurate. 

The result was that instead of getting back {$2500.00} that we expected at closing, they said we owed {$4500.00}. We moved out of state and we 're prepared to take some degree of a loss on our house in order to sell quickly ; however, we would have made some very different decisions had we any indication they were not honest in allocating the money we sent. 

We would like to know if we have any recourse. We do not feel we should be accountable to pay this amount. It was supposed to be a 30 year loan, and for at least the first year, the money was being applied to interest. What would have happened if we 'd reached the end of the loan term? We 're they planning to hit us with XXXX dollars in unpaid interest and repossess our home?",,"HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, THE - FIRSTMERIT BANK, N.A. BRANCH",KS,,,Consent provided,Web,05/27/2016,Closed with monetary relief,Yes,No,1937513


y further information which supports their verification of the item	1
7 --  without contacting me as a customer before making this decision	2
7 --  without dishonor	1
7 --  without disputing these additional charges	1
7 --  without even telling me they did! Now I have an inquiry for late payment ( How could I predict	1
7 --  without even telling us. We fought the lien	2
7 --  without ever consulting with me. 	1
7 --  without ever informing me or my wife that that account was reopened and allowed to be used by XXXX. 	1
7 --  without explanation	1
7 --  without having provided me proper	1
7 --  without having standing to do such. I have given proof of unlawful actions. SPS has no standing	1
7 --  without limitation	1
7 --  without my consent. 	1
7 --  without my express written agreement	1
7 --  without my knowing	1
7 --  without my knowledge. 	1
7 --  without my permission	1
7 --  without my permission or signature	1
7 --  without myknowledge or consent. At that time I was represent by legal counsel	